BUGS
----

TO DO
-----
make sure things look ok for different screen sizes

	resolve epidemics

	special event alerts
	
	tooltip widths

	big screens
		arrange player deck with 6 epidemics exceeds screen height
		drawn player cards overlap before being revealed
	
	setup animations
		determine roles
		give cards to each role
		determine turn order
		prepare the player deck
		infect 9 cities
		place pawns in Atlanta
		place research station in Atlanta

enforce min-width

replace "click to locate" title attributes with the Tooltip class

access keys
	form to request a new key
		details of request:
			why should I give them a key?
				which company are they from?
			how many accounts do they want?
			to which email address should the key be sent
		submitting the form should send me an email which includes:
			the request details
			a denial button
				sends an email saying that their request has been denied because the app is exclusive
			an approval button
				approval button links to the password-protected "grant access key" page
					email address is autofilled
					editable textbox autofilled with the provided company name
					ddl for number of uses
					grant access key button
						generates a new key and emails it

account creation
	test send confirmation email
	test resend code
	username
		button to check availability
	password
		show strength with each keypress
		forgot your password? process

last active

main menu
	if the user has won a game, the default difficulty should be normal (or perhaps the last selected difficulty)
	role selection -- perhaps this can be saved for last since random roles is fine
		use + / - buttons to add and remove roles
		show a pawn for each role
		when 'randomize roles' is checked, show pawns with "?" on them

load other js files only when necessary

menu
	rules / instructions / FAQ
		describe info icons and .hoverInfo elements
		mention the trophy and warning icons
	resign button

cross-browser compatabililty
	animations
	css
		calc variants

for multiplayer games, require permission for certain actions
	share knowledge
	dispatch pawn
	airlift

server migration
	redirect urls

IDEAS
-----
consider removing the special actions container
	dispatch pawn and operations flight are movement actions
	plan contingency is an other action

the 'choose flight type' interface should provide only the flight type options with descriptions viewable on hover
	when a flight type is selected, the normal action interface should be displayed

change "x actions remaining" to 4 lights which turn off as actions are used

hovering over the quarantine specialist's pawn should display the quarantine area
	role tag also?

instead of the disease cube background, try a 1px drop shadow filter

when stacking outbreak infection cubes on the origin city, use placeDiseaseCubes to animate them one at a time
	use the destinationKeys as a param to give them that data attribute
	OR...
	allow the existing cubes to be passed to placeDiseaseCubes as an argument

trophy background or those fern things around the text on the victory screen
skull background or something for defeat screen

pinpointing should happen on mousover of playercards/infection cards?

have an explicit rendezvous action button and prompt?

access epidemicsDrawn, infectionRate, and numOutbreaks from vw_disease?

add the "async" suffix to async function names?

include country name and population for infection cards?

centralize event types in a php file?

split data.currentStep into an object containing 'next' and 'current' keys

SMALL FIXES
-----------
event history
	game end icon and details
	travel paths for movement actions and research station relocations?
	outbreak spread paths?

don't repeat setup animation after refresh if it already completed or was skipped

loading gifs should appear after a short delay (if the connection is fast enough, they will not appear at all)

if auto-infecting cities, fetch all infections in one request

use Promise.resolve() instead of Return new Promise...

indicate loading when waiting for a response from the server
	notify when the response is taking too long

disable tooltips when a game-end condition is reached

if the event history will scroll to within a few pixels of the start or end, it should just go all the way

when prompting infect, indicate that event cards can be played

during the infection step, if an infection card has already been drawn...
	one quiet night is not playable, therefore the remaining infections should happen automatically
	if oqn is the only event card held

special action button tooltips should have role names replaced by role tags

put strings in strings.js file
	game end cause descriptions

role cards should be positioned with positioTooltipRelativeToElement

event history button background-color should transition

instead of importing gameData at the top of event.js, try dynamically importing only where it is needed

perhaps epidemic intensify events should be undoable until an infection has occured

when the only infection discard is removed, the top of the removed cards container should stay aligned with the bottom of the top panel.

eventTypes that are actions should have a getActionButton method

center gameEnd text vertically

use a more straightforward way of retrieving the turn order in retrieveGameData.php

show outbreak symbol on outbreaking city

One Quiet Night should notify success in a more visible way

Resilient Population animation looks a little funny when very few cards (3ish or fewer) are in the discard pile

reduce the number of arguments in php function definitions (pass objects instead?)

pawns should have a data-key property instead of a cityKey class

instead of counting the cubes on the board, keep a cubeCount column in the game table

do steps need a procedure? perhaps they only need a single method

replace php associative arrays with objects

use fetch instead of ajax

use em instead of px for font sizes?

use css variables for colors n stuff

private properties in objects?
use Object.freeze() on objects that should never change?

consider using a locationID instead of cityKey + gameID